OBSDOCS-1753 Add known issue with upgrade oom error (#91437)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/cluster_observability_operator/cluster-observability-operator-release-notes.adoc

| 1.1           | 4.18+              | ✔                     | ✔         | ✔                     | ✔          | ✔
|===

[id="cluster-observability-operator-1-1-known-issues_{context}"]
== Known issues

These are the known issues in {coo-full} 1.1.0:

> * `observability-operator` and `perses-operator` pods in `CrashLoopBackOff` due to `OutOfMemory` error, after upgrading from {coo-full} 1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `observability-operator` and `perses-operator` pods get stuck in a  `CrashLoopBackOff` state due to `OutOfMemory` errors, after upgrading from {coo-full} 1.0.
```

Author: not sure about the "get stuck" bit, so will leave that out, but will add other bits
